General Approach:We approached this redesign project in 3 main steps: determine the main purpose of each view, seeing the problems with the current Craigslist version of the views, and designing our own views to address the major issues. The major design flaws that we identified with Craigslist are clutter, text-heavy pages, and disorganized information that makes it difficult for viewers to quickly extract the information that they are looking for. Our redesign revolves around these three problems. Keeping with the major theme of Craigslist, making users lives simpler with this platform to buy/sell/rent anything, we decided to make our design simple as well. The goal was to create pages that are cleanly designed and easy to use. With this guiding principle in mind, we made our color scheme a slight variation of the existing colors on Craigslist and chose a two main shades of blue, one lighter and one darker, along with black as the primary colors. We also use the purple color from the Craigslist logo for emphasis. When deciding what font we wanted to use for our version of Craigslist, we were certain we wanted a sans serif font to bring Craigslist out of the 1990s look it currently has. However, we didn’t want a font that looked too casual or one that looked too fancy as we didn’t think that fit the image of Craigslist. Our team found the perfect fit in Lato from Google Fonts as it has a simple, yet clean and modern feel to it. In addition, we also wanted to create a visually appealing, and useful navigation bar that would be present on every page and stay at the top of the page even as the user scrolls through. The current Craigslist navigation bar shows you the subcategories you are in (ie. SF Bay Area → East Bay →Housing → Apts/Housing for rent). Although this information is helpful, we do not think this as important as always making sure a user is able to search for a listing and make listing of their own. Thus, we designed our navigation bar to have a search box that says “Find what you’re looking for”—to emphasize the main purpose of Craigslist—a “Create a Listing” button, and a “My Account” button. We made this navigation bar light blue and used white text to create a nice contrast. We have also included the Craigslist peace sign logo on the navigation bar as a button that can take a user back to the home page from whichever sub view they are currently in.Main View:The main view is the first impression that a user gets of Craigslist and really sets the tone of the entire website. The point of the Craigslist main view is to introduce users to Craigslist, showing them that they can buy/sell/rent a variety of items with this platform. It should also give users easy access to searching for items and creating a new listing as these are the two primary functions of the website. Currently, the Craiglist main view does fulfill this functionality by listing all the categories of items that users can buy/sell and having boxes in the corner for searching the listings and posting your own listing. However, the issue is that there is so much other information on this main page, that these main items are hardly noticeable to a user. The viewer’s eye is drawn to many different parts of the page and they are forced to take in a lot of unnecessary information. To rectify this, we made the page less crowded and only included the essential information. Our main view includes the Craigslist name and a visual overview of the different categories that the users can look at (housing, automobiles, pets, etc.). We used icons for each category to make it easier for a user to identify what they are looking for with a quick glance at the home page (we got the icons from the noun-project which is why the images include text at the bottom giving credit to the artist). The Craigslist name is the biggest item on the page to give proper emphasis to the company itself. Below this, we have slogan that captures the point of Craigslist, “Local transactions made easy”, to make it easier for a new Craigslist user to understand the purpose of the website. Staying consistent with our color scheme, we made the Craigslist name and slogan the darker blue shade and the icons and category text black. The outlines for icons become the Craigslist purple color when the user hovers over them for added emphasis.List View:The function of the list view is to show users all of the most relevant listings under a specific category or as the results from a search. Additionally, the users should be able to gather basic information from each post and ideally be interested in one of the listings. Craigslist’s current list view does show a viewer all of the relevant listings under a specific category, but it does not make it easy to process the basic information about the post. This is because the page is crammed with postings that have very little spacing between them. As a user, it strains the eyes to look through all of the listings and decide which one to explore further. There is also a lot of unnecessary information on this page. We wanted to make this view easier on the eyes by reducing the clutter and giving each post the space it deserves. Our design presents the information under each post in an organized manner, focusing on the most important points that a buyer would like to know before clicking on a post. Thus, for each post we display the post title which says what item is, condition of the item, the price, and a method to contact the seller. We decided not to include the main image of each item in this list view because not all of the posts have images attached to them, and so some posts would have images while others would not, which would give an inconsistent look to our page. The contact buttons for each item, “email”, ”call”, “text”, have the same light blue background as our navigation bar for consistency as well as white text. The titles for the posts are the purple from the Craigslist logo.Item View:The item view on Craigslist is focused on a single item and giving the buyer all of the information about this item. Just like in the list view, another implicit functionality of this view should be to make it easy for a person to gather the information they are interested in knowing. The current Craigslist item view does display all of the information about each item in this view, including photos and a description, but it is difficult for a user to quickly identify the major factors that go into purchasing an item. From browsing Craigslist, we noticed that this ease of finding information in a post is largely left up to the poster. Some users made their listing titles very clear and informative while others had confusing and unhelpful information in theirs. Leaving this clarity up to users is a dangerous practice, and so we came up with the idea of having certain information tables for each category. These tables have standardized entries that the poster is required to fill in and this table is then displayed in the listing so that a buyer can quickly and easily get all of the essentials about the item. For example, the item view we made is for a car and the standardized information table for all automobiles includes the model, the size, the type, the transmission, drive, fuel, and the vehicle identification number. We also removed a lot of the extra information on this view and just kept it simple. Our design includes the item title, photos of the item, the description written by the poster, the price, the condition, the information table, and most importantly a reply button. The price and the condition are separated from the rest of the description to make sure that the user can find this information easily. This text is also of a larger size than the other text to draw the user’s eye. Currently on the Craigslist item view the “reply” button which allows a buyer to contact the seller is a small gray button at the upper left side of the page. This button is very hard to see at first glance, which doesn’t make sense as that should be the most inviting part of this view. Thus, we changed the placement of this button and made it to the right of the item pictures, made the size bigger to draw more attention, and also changed the background color to yellow as this is a call-to-action color. We decided to keep the map hosted by google maps that is on the item page and make it standard, as not all of the posts have this information, because location is usually an important consideration for the buyer. We changed the placement of this and moved it to the lower right corner of the page because though it is important, this information is not as important as the general item details and the reply button.